## Terms and Conditions of Use

Effective date: March 10, 2018

Welcome to the **DevOps VSTS Bot**, (hereafter “Our Plugin”).

- **VSTS Terms**: Your use of Visual Studio Team Services (VSTS) is further governed by VSTS’s [Terms of Use](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/).
- **Registration**: No user registration is required to use our Plugin and we accordingly do not require you to provide any information for this purpose.
- **Charge**: There are no charges for use of our Plugin. It's free!
- **Experiental**: Our Plugin an experimental project, designed for broad usage.
- "**Support**: The service is supported by volunteers in their spare time, so no claims can be made on support or the longevity of the project.
- **Rights over content**: Our Plugin merely passes through the information you are permitted to receive or transmit by the VSTS service. You are responsible for ensuring your use (including access) of the data is compliant with applicable laws and agreements. Any copyright violations reported to us will be notified to the User and/or Microsoft Teams.
- **Privacy**: Your use of Our Plugin is subject to the DevOps VSTS Bot [Privacy Statement](https://github.com/ALM-Rangers/DevOps-VSTS-Bot/blob/master/Privacy-Policy.md).
- **Disclaimer of Warranties**: 
  - Our Plugin (including the website and services offered) provides “as is”, and “as available,” without warranty of any kind and we make no promises or guarantees. Without limiting this, we expressly disclaim all warranties, whether express, implied or statutory, regarding Our Plugin including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, security, accuracy and non-infringement. 
  - Our Plugin further disclaims any warrant that it will meet your requirements; that it will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; that the information provided through it is accurate, reliable or correct; that any defects or errors will be corrected; that it will be available at any particular time or location; or that it is free of viruses or other harmful components. 
  - You understand and agree that you use Our Plugin at your own discretion and risk, and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to any computer system or risk of any loss of data or inaccurate data resulting from your downloading and/or use of files, information, content or other material obtained from the use of Our Plugin.
- **Limitation of Liability**: Our Plugin is not liable for damages or losses arising from your use or inability to use or otherwise arising under this agreement. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any loss of profits, use, goodwill, or data, or for any incidental, indirect, special, consequential or exemplary damages made on VSTS.
- **Release and Indemnification**: You are responsible for your use of Our Plugin. If you harm someone else or get into a dispute with someone else, we will not be involved. If you have a dispute with one or more Users, you agree to release V-Empower, Inc. and its employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against from any and all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
- You agree to indemnify us, defend us, and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, and expenses(including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising out of your use and/or access to Our Plugin, or from or in connection with any code or any data or any content passed or transmitted to VSTS through your VSTS Account by a third party using your account with /or without your knowledge or consent, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement, provided that Our Plugin (1) promptly gives you written notice of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding; (2) gives you sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding (provided that you may not settle any claim, demand, suit or proceeding unless the settlement unconditionally releases Our Plugin of all liability); and (3) provides to you all reasonable assistance, at your expense. 
- **Changes to this agreement**: We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to amend these Terms and Condition of Use at any time and will update these Terms and Condition of Use in the event of any such amendments.